A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
PRODUCTION AND DESIGN
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 37
[scoffs] Crepes just aren't
bringing in dough anymore.
Time to change up the menu.
Huh? Yeah, what's that again?
People seem to love it.
God, what's that stuff called? Uh…
Oh, yeah! Tapioca!
Tapioca milk tea!
[sinister music plays]
I'm pissed that I have to ask you,
but you've got the intel I need.
What do you need?
Tell me everything you know
about that tapioca stuff
making the rounds.
Springy texture, chewy.
You can mix it into a little drink.
Junkies show it off on Instantgram.
Get some mad street cred.
They call it bubble tea.
Come with me.
This is my informant.
He'll know where to find the supplier.
[informant scoffs]
-You gonna sing or what, man?
-Patience.
FREE GYOZA VOUCHER
Hmm.
Second floor of this building.
[dog whines]
Wha… Is this a confectionery
specialty store?
Yeah, that's right.
This white powder's the best quality
money can get you.
Bingo.
Eh? Powder.
-[crashing]
-Tapioca comes in little balls!
You trying to fleece me?!
-[Tatsu] You amateur!
-[growls]
You add this shit to hot water
a little at a time
and then roll it into balls yourself!
[gulps] Really?
Why are you just standing there?
Go boil the damn water!
I'm doing it! Quit nagging.
Go get the brown sugar ready.
Gotta keep it slow. Little by little.
I know! I'm not stupid.
That's too much! Stop, stop, stop!
[dramatic music playing]
-[tapioca squeaks]
-[chuckling]
Oh, damn.
Yeah.
[Torajiro] That's what I'm talking about!
Pure-grade tapioca! [laughs]
More! We need more!
We boiled up the tapioca,
cut it with some milk tea, and then…
[Tatsu] Our bubble tea
is finally complete!
[gulps]
[both slurping]
[coughs]
-[Tatsu] What happened?
-[gagging]
One of those things gunned it
straight for my throat.
Almost took me out.
This shit's lethal.
How can everyone be on this?
[Tatsu] Okay, people, gather round.
This tapioca's made
from the best stuff around.
One hit of what we're selling today
and you'll be hooked for life.
Look! They have bubble tea. Want some?
Oh, yeah! I could totally go
for some of that.
[both moan happily]
[woman] Uh, on second thought…
[woman exclaims and shudders]
[Torajiro] Mm.
[man] Excuse me, pal.
Six of those milk teas you're dealing.
-Tapioca.
-So how big a hit do you want?
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
FREE GYOZA VOUCHER
EPISODE 38
This place we're about to hit,
it's run by the most powerful organization
in Japan.
They've got at least 20,000 members
in their crew.
And they do any hustle.
Nothing is off-limits.
No limits?
[Tatsu] Let's do this!
[Masa] A 99 cent store?
[Tatsu] Bring color
to your life at Seriya.
Discover amazing things at CanGoo.
And lastly, done at Daizo.
Three of the biggest heavyweights
in the business here,
battling for control of the turf.
Haven't been in this joint for awhile.
They've still got everything, huh?
Well, I mean, most of this stuff
looks like useless crap to me.
-Have some goddamned respect!
-[yelps]
The 100 yen shop is our ally.
You call this juicer useless?
[citrus squishing]
[Tatsu] Before…
After!
This place has an arsenal of weapons
for every battle a homemaker faces.
So, say the meal you've cooked
is missing a little something.
Arm yourself!
Underestimating these things
will be your downfall, man!
Before…
After!
Whoa! I'm starting to get it.
Boss, you know what's up.
Masa,
so tell me. Are you keeping your house
in good order these days?
Uh, yeah. Totally. Yup. Yes.
Oh, yeah? Look me in the eye.
You washing your sheets regularly?
Sorting your recycling from your trash?
[Masa clears throat] What?
Of course I am, boss.
FLOATING EASY NET
Tell me what this is for.
Three, two, one.
It's a mini bug net!
It's a lint catcher for the laundry!
Oh. [snaps fingers]
I knew that.
Okay, and what's this?
Ah, this one's easy.
It's a handle for something.
Apple slicing tool!
[Masa] I was just gonna say that.
-[Tatsu] How about this?
-Oh, yeah, yeah.
Right, right, I know this one.
[Tatsu] This?
Oh, um, this? Well, isn't it obvious?
I mean… [chuckles nervously]
The little bug net!
[both breathing heavily]
Sorry, boss. I choked.
I gotta confess, I suck at homemaking.
[sighs heavily]
Figured you might.
You can learn all of this.
Just gotta practice.
Boss, I…
[Tatsu] Start by adding
this stuff to your arsenal.
[Masa] Yes, sir!
Damn, I forgot what this does.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 39
[slicing]
Hmm?
[slicing continues]
Huh?
What? Why is he still up?
PACKING TWINE
[chuckles]
[grunts]
READING ROOM & BOOKSTORE
PICTURE BOOK STORY TIME
[woman 1] The reader
really canceled on us?
[woman 2] Yeah, we got the call yesterday.
We had a lot of trouble
finding a replacement for them.
Oh, so that's why he's here.
MOMOTARO
Gather round, kiddos, don't be shy.
I'm gonna tell y'all a little tale.
Yay!
What are you reading?
A little something special I just made.
Momotaro.
I know this one.
Momotaro!
That lettering.
[Tatsu] Once upon a time,
a boss man and boss lady
lived in a village far away.
[girl gasps]
[Tatsu] Each day,
they ran the family's racket.
Boss man gathered wood in the mountains,
and boss lady washed clothes in the river.
-[child 1] Boss man?
-[child 2] Boss lady?
[Tatsu] One day, boss lady came back
looking all spooked and rattled,
carrying some peachy goods on her back.
[as man] "Where'd you get
a score like this?"
[as lady] "The less you know, the better."
[as man] "Then bring me my steel."
Boss man split
the goods in half with one strike.
And, waa-waa,
out came a bouncing baby boy.
We'll call him Momotaro.
The boy who was born in a peach.
Momotaro quickly grew
into a fine young man
and member of the family.
[as Momotaro] "We've had
some lowlife demons
messing around on our turf lately."
"Boss man, boss lady,
I can't let 'em disrespect you like that."
"Just say the word and I'll take 'em out."
[as man] "You honor us
with these words, Momotaro."
"Hey, boss lady. Get this kid
a sword and some dumplings."
Momotaro leaves for Demon Island,
and comes across Dog
just wandering along the road there.
-[child 1] Look, a doggy!
-[child 2] It's a doggy!
[as Dog] "Hey, boss, where you going?"
[as Momotaro] "Hey, Dog.
I got a score to settle on Demon Island."
"Can you use these dumplings to get
Monkey and Pheasant to join our crew?"
[thunder rumbles]
So he rows up on a boat
with his three sworn brothers.
"Oi, you ruthless bastards!
Time to pay!" shouted Momataro,
as he flew at 'em.
[as demon] "Who do you bozos
think you are?"
[as Momotaro] "We're from
the Peach Group, fools!"
In a scene straight from Hell,
angry roars and screams filled the air.
The Peach Crew wipes out
scores of demons in no time.
[as Momotaro] "Demon boss,
you know what happens next?"
Momotaro corners the demons.
[as demon] "Do you want cash?
Spare me and I'll give you anything."
"Name your price! How much do you want?"
[as Momotaro] "My price, use this."
[as demon] "What?"
[as Momotaro] "You know what I want."
-"What are you--"
-[rushing]
-[as Momotaro] "Your little finger!"
-Okay!
And just like that,
they all had a group hug.
Momotaro forgave the demon guys,
and they all lived happily ever after.
-What?
-Huh?
Hey! Wait a minute!
I was just about to get
to Monkey's Forever War.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 40
[Tatsu] The boss,
the lead henchmen, and the underlings,
a total of ten in the crew.
Out of these, seven get busted.
It's a massive blow.
So how many do we have left?
We've got three left.
[chuckles] Right on target.
[sighs]
We put a beating on your math homework.
What's next?
Who's the next victim on your hit list
of summer assignments?
Ah, well, now that math is done,
the only thing left
is independent research.
Independent research?
Are you saying you left
the baddest mother for last?
Oh. An experiment, investigation,
could make a pen holder out of some wood.
[Tatsu] Something out of wood. Pen holder…
[mother] Sorry for asking you
for so much help, Tatsu.
This is my bedroom!
[Tatsu] First, we plan the attack.
Then we bust out the gear.
[whirring and buzzing]
[Ryota] Pen holder.
[adventurous music plays]
Lift your end. Hold it there.
[Ryota] Pen holder.
[whirring]
And voilà!
[mother] Whoa, so stylish.
What?! I said a pen holder!
Not to totally redo my room!
Calm down. Gimme a chance to explain.
I put these beams in
so we don't beat up the walls.
They've got a walnut-like finish
which matches the colors
and gives it a vintage feel.
You ain't got a lot of space,
so I added some storage.
This pegboard here is multi-use
and also adds character.
Just pop a box on it
and you got a pen holder.
-Oh, clever.
-[Ryota] Cool.
But I'm just a kid!
And this assignment
is supposed to be for kids!
I couldn't make all this stuff on my own.
I think I made colorful soap
back when I was in school.
Yeah, yeah!
I wanna do something like that.
You wanna make colorful soap?
We'll have to get our hands dirty.
Are you ready?
Oil and water.
And sodium hydroxide.
Keep your guard up, kid.
This stuff ain't for the fainthearted.
First, dissolve the sodium hydroxide
in the water.
Let it cool down slowly. Yeah, that's it.
-Then you mix in the oil.
-[Ryota] It looks dirty.
[laughs] That's it.
[Ryota] It's not colorful at all.
[Tatsu] Put the cap on tight,
and give it a good shake.
The mix'll get all thick and pale,
and then it's ready to mold.
Pour this stuff into a milk carton
and wait for it to set.
[Ryota] How long?
-About three days.
-Okay.
Then we'll cut it
and mature it for a month.
[Ryota] Right, okay.
[Ryota] But school starts tomorrow.
KATAGI PRIMARY SCHOOL
[teacher] "So that's why I don't have
the goods to show you, but apparently,
when this brick
of liquid and white powder sets,
it's gonna be some really good stuff."
"That's what he told me."
"He was smiling a bunch"?
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[woman 1] Then they say they don't want
anything 'cause they've eaten.
[woman 2] Yeah,
I get that all the time. [laughs]
I said, "If you don't want dinner,
just tell me sooner, save me the trouble."
Exactly.
[chuckles]
That kind of battle
can turn into an all-out war.
Oh, Tatsu, you're so dramatic. [chuckles]
[woman 1] But you're right,
It is a war, isn't it?
Oh, excuse me.
One strawberry milk crepe, please, miss.
It really is so hard to keep up
and cook for the family every day.
Yeah, I remember how tough it was
to be the family gopher.
[woman 2] Gopher?
[Tatsu] One time, I had to dish out
100 servings of sashimi to guests.
-[woman 2] One hundred?
-[Tatsu] I had one little slip-up.
-[gun cocks]
-It almost got some beans blasted in me.
Oh. Wait, beans?
Some beans? She blasted beans at you?
You know that puppy we adopted last month?
Well, at first, my husband
and kids looked after her
and walked her every day.
But now that they've lost interest,
it's all up to me.
Oh, yeah. I know what you mean.
Once, we had 20 dogs.
And I had to take 'em all out
for a walk at the same time.
I love dogs, but 20 is too many
and damn expensive.
-Twe… Twenty? Geez.
-[dogs whining]
Our husbands and kids
are lucky they get a break.
So true.
We're supposed to do the cleaning,
no matter how busy we are.
[Tatsu] I had to do the cleaning
right in the middle of a full-on ambush.
[woman 2] Ambush? What on earth happened?
[Tatsu] Boss got heated
and started flipping tables.
I got the wrong kind of lotus root
and I got smacked for it.
LOTUS ROOT
(REVOLVER)
[women] Is that what Miku is really like?
[woman 1] Can't judge
a book by its cover, huh?
[woman 2] No kidding.
[Tatsu] Sorry, phone call from the missus.
Hi, Tacchan?
Can we talk for a minute?
I just finished work and I'm heading home.
[Tatsu] Yes, ma'am. You've had a long day.
[women gulp]
Yeah, and I was just thinking,
I'm craving homemade udon tonight.
Have you made dinner already?
Tonight? Consider it done.
[gasps]
Tonight? What?
[Tatsu] Yeah, that's not a problem.
Just need to get my hands
on some of that top-shelf white powder.
[women] Drug deal!
Some tempura and summer veggies
would be great too.
Maybe green peppers?
Ooh! We could really put some heat on 'em.
[women] Intimidation.
Your choice of boiling
or burning. [chuckles]
Yeah. Got it.
All right, you secure the goods.
[women] Who are these two?
Mr. and Mrs. Smith?
[Tatsu] Thanks
for the top-notch tea, ladies.
Apologies for the phone call.
Huh? Oh, that's quite all right.
Sounded like there's a little problem
waiting at home.
-Everything all right?
-Yeah.
Miku's got a job for me to do.
Nothing I can't handle.
Tatsu, now if you get into any hot water,
we're here for you, okay?
Treat for the road?
[Tatsu and Miku]
The Way of The Househusband.
[male cat] I smacked that sucker
so fast he never saw it coming.
And he hopped off bawling
for his mommy. Dumb frog.
[Gin] Wow. You're so tough.
[male cat] Oh, yeah. Kid, I've never lost
a fight. Swat him from the left.
Claw him from the right.
-Got it?
-[Gin] Got it.
-So… [smacks]
-[groans]
-[smacks]
Ow, ow, ow!
Stop that!
No surprise attacks.
-[smacks]
-Cut it out.
A fair fight is a contest of strength,
done by the book.
[Gin] Oh, okay. Hmm!
[male cat] Come at me.
What are you doing?
-[leaves rustle]
-Where are you going?
-Huh?
-[Gin] Rowr!
-Ow!
Idiot! Not from behind.
[Gin] Geez! So many rules.
[closing theme music plays]